Marta and Alberto have a 35-year-old daughter named Sandra. She's killing it in her career and
has a job to die for. She's respectful and super responsible. Everything any parent could dream of.
But they're tearing their hair out because she's not married and doesn't even seem to give a
hoot about it. So they cooked up a plan. Hire someone to nudge her while she's chilling at her
favorite coffee shop. Let's check out this scene at the cafe. Hey, what's up? Not much you.
All good. I see you're a coffee fan, huh? Yeah, I'm obsessed. And you've been here before,
like this cafe's your jam. Yep, I grab a coffee here every morning. Cool. I'd love to get the
lowdown on you. Uh, okay, that's kind of random, but shoot. So are you hitched? Nah, not yet.
Then you've got a boyfriend, right? Nah, not yet. I'm flying solo right now.
But you've been married before, right? Like divorced or something. Nope, always been single.
Oh my gosh, how old are you? I'm 35. You're totally missing the boat, girl. Don't you ever feel lonely?
Nah, I've got a pet, so. But do you really think a pet can take the place of a lifetime partner and
replace a human being?